I want to take things up and not I want
to give you a gift that's not given too
often but it's a gift we all uh love
which is music and I want to give it to
you from a gangster all the way from
Portland Oregon please welcome the one
and only Harry Mack let him hear it
every day har he go har holy [__] keep
it [__] back oh thank
you la what the [__] is up how y feeling
thank you thank you Dr Phil I don't like
appropriating culture but we'll give
this guy a
pass yeah I'll do my best now Harry uh
take a seat in the Sandage here by the
way I I found you on YouTube you are
just one of the best freestyle rappers
I've ever seen in my entire life thank
you so much thank you so much if you
haven't seen Harry ma check them out uh
man you you've uh Frey wrapped for Will
Smith Martin Lawrence the Yankees Ben
and Jerry Jerry still you've done it all
that's right yeah yeah you were rapping
at age 12 is that right that's right
yeah yeah first started rapping I tried
to do my first freestyle when I was 11
12 years old I think God damn now when I
was like 15 I'd try to get girls to you
know impress by rapping but it was more
like one two what's up with you right uh
you know three four your mother's a
[__] yeah sorry yeah well 56 you know
are we going to do you know I'm you know
I stretched you know 56 I sucking di
yeah all right I'll take it from here
Grinch but Harry there's there's
something about there's there's
something about uh using your word and
doing it fast into a beat that is
mindblown to most people are you a music
guy is that why yes love music I've been
a musician my whole life played the
violin played the drums uh you know
since I was a little kid so you know
always been obsessed with music and
you're from the Northwest yes Portland
Oregon anybody from Portland Oregon in
the
house that's all right oh a couple
people two people yeah my family members
I think oh your folks Mr and Mrs Matt
keep it going for him third that's right
yes
[Applause]
yes you ever sing that when your uh all
right now is uh it is an exciting time
Harry and and the holidays are upon us
but things have gotten a little Dy with
my friend the Grinch he's a little he's
a little down in the dumps and uh I know
that I told you that I wanted to do
something nice for somebody and you're
so good with [__] what you do in your
craft I thought maybe you could Grace
the crowd with a freestyle rap tonight
is that all right what do y'all think
man can we do that do you guys want to
hear a hary Mac original that's never
been [__] done before yeah can we do
some freestyles
all right now what's the method to your
Madness how do we do this okay so uh I
don't have anything pre-planned or Prem
memorized or prepared so if it's cool
with you guys I'm just going to make it
up off the top of the Dome player so Dr
Phil yep I'm going to need some random
suggestions you know some some words or
some short phrases topics whatever you
feel okay uh if I could get maybe one
from you uh one from the Grinch and then
we might grab a few from uh from the
audience I love that just any word or a
topic or any word any little phrase toic
any suggestion I'll incorporate it uh
well I'm a big Bo and berry pie guy yeah
so anytime my wife and I get slippery uh
my poise Co snack you know how some in
the in the 80s people would you know
Kevin cost would be like yeah you thanks
for letting me eat your ass I'm going to
smoke a cigarette now right right right
sure yeah of course and then yeah and
then what's y yeah yeah yeah so wait
what was it the what kind of pie I
missed it oh Bo and Berry boy and Berry
sorry I was distracted by the C yeah Bo
berry pie so I have a Bo and berry pie
after we get we get after get slippery
so I'm going to say Bo and berry pie Bo
and berry pie I love it that's perfect
beautiful uh I was going to go with
gentrification but I'm actually going to
go
with it's not funny I just learned with
the word meant it was my word of the day
okay I will go with North Korea
something light North Korea so we got
boys and
ber not gentrification North Korea thank
you yeah Bo and berry pie uh not
gentrification North Korea okay can I
get some suggestions from the audience
as
well what was it potluck yes potluck
what about right here yes forgiveness
forgiveness no I will try I will try
forgiveness potluck forgiveness let's
get one or two more who else has it what
you got man pickles yes sometimes in my
videos I say no food or animals cuz
those are common suggestions but I
forgot to say that we're going to take
both Bo and berry pie and pickles and
we'll grab just one more maybe if
there's somebody in the
back right here in the back
yeah what was it perpendicular
perpendicular perpendicular you want to
see a which is lines that cross right
perpendicular all right let me make sure
I got him and yes thank you wow Dr Phil
can tell I'm [__] so baked right now
this is amazing
I mean this is the craziest thing I've
ever done in public this is such a clean
stage now but I don't want Harry Mack to
die baby you're not dying tonight keep
it going for Harry M oh thank you thank
you okay uh let me make sure I got him
Bo don't remind me unless I ask cuz I
need to hold them in my memory
boisenberry pie which is the what you
said uh post post quitus is that the
word for that uh Boise and berry pie
Yeah Boy And berry pie Pocus yeah po cus
or potis Poco
that's a spoonerism [__] you Harry
Ma Bo and berry pie Bo and berry pie not
gentrification North Korea potluck
forgiveness pickles and last but not
least
perpendicular those are the words
right all right so what do you think La
can we give this a
shot brinch Dr Phil we ready so ready
I'm so [__] excited all right we'll
see what we can do let's go ahead and
drop that
beat yeah yeah okay uh yeah yeah check
it out now come on come on come on yeah
yeah yeah that's what we need y'all hm
going to bring the remedy at The Comedy
Store we got that energy y'all know off
the top I destroy if y'all ready for the
round someone make some
no okay now we locked in lyrics I spit
I'm not toxins healing your pain when I
be spilling the flames and when it comes
to kicking lics ma is really insane
I'mma break it down for y'all with the
lics that the very fly after sex T be
and boys and berry pie every time I kick
these lics they I'm more fresh it makes
sense cuz he's from the Pacific
Northwest and up there the boys and
berries are Prime oh my God I [__] up
in my mind I don't know if Dr Phil is
from the northwest or not but when I rip
the mic I'm keeping it hot I'm breaking
it down every time I rhyme I'm who they
all never board with new territor I
explore this in the instrumental track
I'mma Scorch this is it post cotis or is
it PO ctis either way we going to figure
it out rappers looking for something to
Bick or about that's called a spoonerism
when you got the syllable switch let me
try another spoonerism killing this [__]
or Silling this kid is it Harry Mac or
merry hack I got him running like a
scaredy cat window then I'm flipping it
off the Dome I stay up in the zone the
microphone right here I can't leave it
alone and y'all know I can't do with
them inventive Creations when they come
to lics I'm a real sensation they were
worried in their minds they were
debating
take it from the grin it's not
gentrification y'all know I'm out here
catching when it comes to Hip Hop we
paying respect shouts out to The
Originators who built the stage so that
I can rip up on this microphone and
engage I come right above the dwn with
these Reckless rhms and they fill it
from the stage to the exit sign matter
of fact they calling Mac the number one
frea I'm about to rhyme in every country
but North Korea who knows maybe one day
in the future my freestyle mind really a
computer I break it down for y'all and
get lots of love before the boys and
berry pie do you use a glove yeah I got
a freestyle collection I'm just making
sure you're using protection hey yo
everyone knows I bring the sickest five
if you're using a glove damn you don't
need a bigger size hey smack I be making
small dick jokes with The Comedians and
I bring the sick quotes blowing people's
minds I'm the one they want to witness
I'm celebrated and I'm lit just like the
tree for Christmas I'm breaking it down
whenever I rhing their face they want to
Flinch m is getting to the green
something like the Grinch yeah and when
I rhyme I'm about to drop a blessing I'm
man fting I hope my lyrics heal your
depression yeah he's got the green suit
he's up on it but what's the green up on
this white part dog is that vomit every
time I around the C is feeling sick I'm
coming up with lyrics and I'm thinking
of them quick top pick when I break it
down I only bring the Hot Stuff other
rappers is slipping but homie not us
yeah every time I rhyme yo I pop up
matter of fact I bring food for thought
to the pot love H I'm coming throw with
the proper dish I lock it in on the
stage I'll be rocking it don't get it
twisted on this stage I've existed and
this a necessary prop cuz the me is
gifted hey yo I break it down for y'all
the mic I hold this I do control this
rappers seem to have memory of a
goldfish but m is extended grabbing the
words These Bars that I'm spitting for
the people iur yeah other the rappers
talk about it but I LIF this open up
your mind's eye just to better a witness
I get pacific and rap for the Pacific
these rappers hella wax on I'm my
practice my forgiveness yeah I'm a
rocker Ser please forgive Mac if he
forgot the word we about to bring it
back until the mission is complete I get
busy off the mental when I'm rocking the
beat I got the illst type of flows
whenever I'm rocking the shows I know
that I open my chest up my whole heart
is exposed I come right up the mentle
cuz I've been the vibe thoughts are
synthesized this time I improvise yeah
break it down for y'all when I'm
delivering the sick flow we about to let
the grown folks and the kids know it's
never Small Time I'mma do it big bro
I'll still be rapping when I'm wrinkled
like a pickle hey man y know I'm going
hard they got their hands stuck up in
the tickle jar I'm ripping I SP I rock
it ill with lots of skill I'm on stage
with Dr Phil can y'all believe it say
you're wearing a lesson check out the
goals that I'm manifesting it's always
impressive I'mma bless you all with them
blessings yeah Dr Phil can you help me
through the depression can you help me
through the anxiety we might need the
therapy thanks for putting me on stage
and making them aware of me y'all know
we getting paid easy though I can't
believe you let them back up on your TV
show this is beautiful come through with
the sicker verse yeah check the way that
I rip the words my my vocabulary getting
heard wack rappers got me cross
perpendicular yeah every time I around
I'm here getting shine I'm coming with
the LI that are blowing your mind every
time I spit these Li dog the flow is
divine me and these wack rappers don't
touch like parallel lines yo other the
artists in the game they seem to be some
wab be and wizzy doing freestyles of
Rizzy doing geometry I bring it all
together y'all know they all be begging
the shortest distance between two points
is a line segment I get you there
quicker my freestyle sicker the
certified scale Tipper my phone Ripper
Dr Phil the Grinch and these wack
scaredy cats all come together to rock
with your boy Harry M holy
[__] thank you so much Make some noise
Make some noise let's
go Harry M ladies and gentlemen Harry
M Dr Phil God damn it Dr Phil Dr Phil
you guys keep it going for here Mac
check them out on YouTube everywhere
social media